README.md, before:

# How to use dependency injection in .NET Azure Functions 

This repository contains a .NET Core Azure Function App which will be refactored to use dependency injection (DI) during a live webinar during [Xebia Webinar Week](https://pages.xebia.com/academy-webinar-week/dependency-injection-in-net-azure-functions).

|Branch name| Versions | Uses DI |
|-|-|-|
| development-v2-start | .NET Core 2 / Azure Functions 2 | No
| development-v2 | .NET Core 2 / Azure Functions 2 | Yes
| development-v3-start | .NET Core 3 / Azure Functions 3 | No
| development-v3 | .NET Core 3 / Azure Functions 3 | Yes

## Refactoring for .NET Core 2

### Step 1: NuGet Packages

- Add package `Microsoft.Azure.Functions.Extensions` v1.0.0
- Add package `Microsoft.Extensions.Http` v2.2.0

### Step 2: Update constructor of StarWarsMovieProvider

```csharp
private readonly HttpClient _httpClient;

public StarWarsMovieProvider(IHttpClientFactory httpClientFactory)
{
    _httpClient = httpClientFactory.CreateClient();
}

```
### Step 3: Create a `IMovieProvider` interface

```csharp
public interface IMovieProvider
{
    Task<List<Movie>> GetMovies();
}
```

And let the `StarWarsMovieProvider` inherit from this interface.

### Step 4: Use the `IMovieProvider` in the GetMoviesHttp function

```csharp
private readonly IMovieProvider _movieProvider;

public GetMoviesHttp(IMovieProvider movieProvider)
{
    _movieProvider = movieProvider;
}
```

### Step 5: Add a Statup class

```csharp
[assembly: FunctionsStartup(typeof(Startup))]
namespace Xebia.WebinarWeek
{
    public class Startup : FunctionsStartup
    {
        public override void Configure(IFunctionsHostBuilder builder)
        {
            builder.Services.AddHttpClient();
            builder.Services.AddSingleton<IMovieProvider, StarWarsMovieProvider>();
        }
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Added xml snippet from csproj

README.md, after:

# How to use dependency injection in .NET Azure Functions 

This repository contains a .NET Core Azure Function App which will be refactored to use dependency injection (DI) during a live webinar during [Xebia Webinar Week](https://pages.xebia.com/academy-webinar-week/dependency-injection-in-net-azure-functions).

|Branch name| Versions | Uses DI |
|-|-|-|
| development-v2-start | .NET Core 2 / Azure Functions 2 | No
| development-v2 | .NET Core 2 / Azure Functions 2 | Yes
| development-v3-start | .NET Core 3 / Azure Functions 3 | No
| development-v3 | .NET Core 3 / Azure Functions 3 | Yes

## Refactoring for .NET Core 2

Ensure that the Azure Function App csproj file is set to the proper .NET Core and Azure Functions runtime versions:

```xml
<TargetFramework>netcoreapp2.2</TargetFramework>
<AzureFunctionsVersion>v2</AzureFunctionsVersion>
```

### Step 1: NuGet Packages

- Add package `Microsoft.Azure.Functions.Extensions` v1.0.0
- Add package `Microsoft.Extensions.Http` v2.2.0

### Step 2: Update constructor of StarWarsMovieProvider

```csharp
private readonly HttpClient _httpClient;

public StarWarsMovieProvider(IHttpClientFactory httpClientFactory)
{
    _httpClient = httpClientFactory.CreateClient();
}

```
### Step 3: Create a `IMovieProvider` interface

```csharp
public interface IMovieProvider
{
    Task<List<Movie>> GetMovies();
}
```

And let the `StarWarsMovieProvider` inherit from this interface.

### Step 4: Use the `IMovieProvider` in the GetMoviesHttp function

```csharp
private readonly IMovieProvider _movieProvider;

public GetMoviesHttp(IMovieProvider movieProvider)
{
    _movieProvider = movieProvider;
}
```

### Step 5: Add a Statup class

```csharp
[assembly: FunctionsStartup(typeof(Startup))]
namespace Xebia.WebinarWeek
{
    public class Startup : FunctionsStartup
    {
        public override void Configure(IFunctionsHostBuilder builder)
        {
            builder.Services.AddHttpClient();
            builder.Services.AddSingleton<IMovieProvider, StarWarsMovieProvider>();
        }
    }
}
```
